Ideas:

1.  Dining with locals

The concept is that people who are traveling can eat a home cooked meal in the home of locals.  The business
model would be similar to airbnb with an open marketplace where locals and travelers create profiles.  The 
travelers can search through the profiles for the local they are interested in, and the locals can either 
accept or deny the request of the traveler to eat dinner at their home.  I like this idea because, like airbnb,
it fulfills a need.  When someone travels they have to find places to eat, just like they have to find places 
to sleep.  I think this "must have" situation is one major reason why airbnb is sucessful.  The traveler pays 
for the meal through the website, and we take a fee. This is a relatively new idea so there is only a small 
amount of compitition.  The competition also personally verifies each local cook, which provides for a 
"cleaner" marketplace however hurts their scalability.  Perhaps a better idea is to let the marketplace weed 
out the bad profiles through the review system. 

    Competition:  1.  Homefood.it - only focuses on Italy
                  2.  EatWith - founded in 2012.  Still expanding - only a few profiles for the US
                  3.  feastly - founded in 2013.  Still expanding - not available for many cities in the US



2.  Computer resource pooling

This idea is similar to Arturo's but I will include it anyway since I really like the concept, and I've been 
playing with this idea in my mind for a while. Essentially people can sign up to have a portion of their 
computer be added to a pool of resources and they would receive compensation for when their resources are used. 
 Another person can rent hardware resources for his/her needs. Everything would happen via the internet, so I 
didn't consider the need for people to be within a close proximity, however I can see the benefit of lower 
latency by ensuring people are close to you.  Also I was just thinking about a hard-set amount of resources 
that the individual would agree to put up for rent, but I like the idea of using idle resources.  There doesn't
seem to be a company doing something like this already.



3. Bill splitting

A website that helps people each pay a portion of a bill.  There are some apps out right now that do bill 
splitting, but they all they do is keep track of who owes who.  None of them that I've found allow for each 
person to actually pay their portion of the bill directly to the bill collector.  As an example, say 3 
roommates need to split the electricity bill.  With the current apps they can only divide up the bill and 
essentially keep a tally of who owes who, but only one person actually pays the bill and then he/she must 
go through the annoying process of ensuring the other people actually give him/her what the app says they owe. 
Instead of this, I like the idea of a website that collects the amount owed from each person and then sends the
payment to the bill collector.  This means that the bill cannot be payed until each person actually pays his/her 
share, and once they do pay they never have to worry about collecting funds from their other roommates.
I'll leave the competition part blank because I think this is a different service than the current bill 
splitting apps are providing.



4.  Recipe suggestions

A website that provides a service that maps ingredients to recipes.  You plug in the ingredients you have on 
hand and it tells you what you can make with those ingredients.  I often have random ingredients and don't know
what to make with them, so something like this would be useful for my life.  There are a few websites like this
now, but they don't seem very professional and they only let you pick from a small list of ingredients.  Also, 
they only give results for recipes they have hosted on their site.  I think a better, and of course harder, 
implimentation would be to allow the user to enter any ingredient and to return results from the plethora of 
recipes that exist on recipe websites.  As far as revenue goes, it could be a subscription service.  If it was 
cheap enough, I'd pay for it because it saves me considerable time trying to figure out what I can make with 
what I have.  It also would allow you to find try out new and interesting recipes.

    competition: 1. myfridgefood - it just doesn't work very well.  Poor implimentation.  Only lets you pick 
                    from a small list of ingredients
                 2. recipematcher - same story, doesn't function well.  
                 3. recipekey - again, only lets you pick from a small list.



5.  Freelance marketplace

There are many websites that are a marketplace for freelancers, but it seems that almost all focus on specific 
categories or groups.  Some are more general purpose, but even still you can find examples of services they 
don't offer, and none seem to dominate the market.  I feel like no one has really nailed the general purpose 
freelance marketplace.  If you want to buy something online, the first thought that comes to most peoples minds
is amazon.  Amazon is the leader of online products.  Who is the leader of online services? If you need a 
service that can be rendered over the internet there is no one-stop-shop that seems to have a hold on the 
market.  I think its worth thinking about why this is the case.  Perhaps this idea is too overwhelming for what
we're trying to do, and I don't have it particularly well fleshed-out, but I thought I'd throw it out there 
anyway.